get used to gadgets eavesdropping on
your conversations I'm Bridget Carey and
this is your CNET update there's quite a
bit of buzz about the voice recognition
feature in Samsung Smart TVs in
particular how TVs listen to your
conversation in order to pick up on your
voice commands and that data can be sent
to third parties The Daily Beast was the
first to stir up commotion with a report
about the privacy policy wording so
should you be worried about televisions
spying on your living room conversations
a little yes and a little no here's some
perspective on Samsung the outside party
Samsung is sending your speech to is
nuanced it's a voice recognition
software provider that turns speech into
text nuance also works with a bunch of
other tech companies like LG Panasonic
and ZTE it also works with automakers
like BMW Ford Honda and Subaru so cars
will also be listening to your
conversations so it could detect when
you say that magic voice command key
word you know what else also listens to
you the Amazon echo smart speaker and
the Xbox Kinect which also has voice
commands for the most part companies
like Microsoft Apple and Google keep
that data on their servers the bottom
line is that sharing to a third party
like nuance shouldn't really worry you
but what we need to all be cautious
about is how companies are keeping that
data secure when in transit samsung says
it encrypts voice data for security
protections and it does not retain the
data or sell it but don't forget if you
have a samsung smart TV you could just
turn the listening feature off in other
TV news dishes sling TV service launched
nationwide in the US on Monday the
internet streaming television service
gives people 12 channels for $20 a month
and coming soon to that bundle is AMC so
fans of The Walking Dead madman or
better call Saul can get their fix
moving on to sketchy cybersecurity
stories the software maker Intuit is
once again leading people files state
income tax returns with TurboTax the
option was turned off after a fraud
scare and worries about suspicious
filings but the company says there was
no breach of data and filings have
resumed fraudulent tax
are a growing issue especially when
health insurance provider anthem just
lost the personal info and Social
Security numbers of 80 million people
that data could be purchased off a
hacker to file a bogus tax claim and if
you have anthem for health insurance be
careful not to fall for phishing emails
that claim to be from anthem trying to
trick you in to clicking bad links or
share personal data cyber security
reporter Brian Krebs has an example of
such a phishing email on his blog but
anthem has sent no calls or emails to
customers
the real notifications will be coming to
people through the Postal Service you
know good old-fashioned paper mail that
your tech news update and there's more
details than cnet.com from our studios
in New York I'm Bridget Carey